README.md, before:

# fydp-acoustics-test-rig

## Arduino-MATLAB Serial Interface API
This section describes the MATLAB function prototype,
followed by how it is received at the Arduino side
via serial port.
Note: multi-byte data is sent with LSB first then towards MSB. (little endian)


### Speaker Motor Control
speaker_motor_control(uint8 motor_number, uint8 angle)

where angle is measured from that motors 0 degree state
and is limited to 90 degrees.

smc,motor_number,angle


### Speaker Output
speaker_output(uint8 speaker_number, uint16 output_val)

where output_val is ready for digital to analog conversion.


so,speaker_number,output_val


### Mic Robot
mic_robot(uint16 x, uint16 y, uint16 z)

NOTE: x, y, and z are measured in centimeters relative to origin of acoustic platform.

mr,x,y,z

## Matlab Naming Conventions Used

function_names_with_parameters, variableNames, sub_moduleNamesOrFunctionsWithoutParameters

## Arduino .ino naming conventions

camelCaseEverything

Commit message:

Reflects usage of continuous servo motors.

README.md, after:

# fydp-acoustics-test-rig

## Arduino-MATLAB Serial Interface API
This section describes the MATLAB function prototype,
followed by how it is received at the Arduino side
via serial port.
Note: multi-byte data is sent with LSB first then towards MSB. (little endian)


### Set Servo Angle
set_servo_angle(uint8 pin_number, uint8 angle)

where angle is measured from that motors 0 degree state
and is limited to 180 degrees (usually expected to < 90 degrees).

ssa,pin_number,angle


### Speaker Output
speaker_output(uint8 speaker_number, uint16 output_val)

where output_val is ready for digital to analog conversion.


so,speaker_number,output_val


### Mic Robot
mic_robot(uint16 x, uint16 y, uint16 z)

NOTE: x, y, and z are measured in centimeters relative to origin of acoustic platform.  This will actually be implemented in Matlab, and the Arduino code will be minimal so that it only processes the pin number, continuous servo angle for direction/speed, period of time to spin in ms.

### Rotate Continuous Servo

rcs, motorNumber, angleStart, angleStop, duration

## Matlab Naming Conventions Used

function_names_with_parameters, variableNames, sub_moduleNamesOrFunctionsWithoutParameters

## Arduino .ino naming conventions

camelCaseEverything
